[red-knot] Diagnostics for incorrect `bool` usages (#16238)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/red_knot_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/comparison/instances/membership_test.md

# error: [unsupported-operator] "Operator `in` is not supported for types `str` and `A`, in comparing `Literal["hello"]` with `A`"
reveal_type("hello" in A())  # revealed: bool
```

## Not-boolable return type

Python implicitly calls `bool` on the result of `__contains__`, so the return type must be
convertible to `bool`.

<!-- snapshot-diagnostics -->

```py
class NotBoolable:
    __bool__ = 3

class WithContains:
    def __contains__(self, item) -> NotBoolable:
        return NotBoolable()

> # error: [not-boolable] "Object of type `NotBoolable` can not be converted to a bool."
> 10 in WithContains() and True

Reviewer: I think ideally the code and error message here would be something like

```suggestion
# error: [operator] "Cannot use `in` operator on object of type `WithContains` as its `__contains__` method returns `NotBoolable`, which cannot be evaluated in a boolean context"
10 in WithContains() and True
```

Reviewer: > Slightly too long for my taste

For me too... but once we have the ability to add notes to diagnostics, I'd imagine it could become something like

```
error: [operator] cannot use `in` operator on object of type `WithContains`
    note: This is because `WithContains.__contains__` returns an instance of `NotBoolable`, which cannot be evaluated in a boolean context
    note: `NotBoolable` cannot be evaluated in a boolean context because its `__bool__` attribute is not callable
```

Reviewer: See my comment at https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff/pull/16238#discussion_r1963014361. I think it's pretty important that we foreground *what's wrong with the specific code we're highlighting* in our diagnostic messages, and *what the user needs to do to resolve the error*. The invalid method definition is the underlying cause here, but the specific thing that's incorrect in the code we're highlighting with the diagnostic range is that the object with the invalid method is being used in a boolean context, and the specific way for the user to resolve that error is for them to stop doing that. Fixing the invalid method definition may be out of their power if it comes from a third-party library.

Reviewer: To be clear: I don't think my disagreement with Carl should block this PR being merged. We can iterate on the error message and/or continue discussing this in an issue or on Discord.

Author: I agree that this would be much better. 

I'm leaning towards not implementing this now. A) This feels like a task on its own because it isn't sufficient to prepend a message to every diagnostic; making it sound natural requires repeating much of the diagnostic code, and b) ideally, we'd have support from the diagnostic system to do this correctly.

# error: [unsupported-bool-conversion]

> 10 not in WithContains() or False

Reviewer: (I still think that `operator` might actually be a better error code here specifically -- the invalid `__bool__` definition here means that you can't use the `in` operator with the `WithContains` type)

Author: Closing as duplicate
